The Joe Rogan experience. Uh, fear.
That people have here in the United States of competing with China is that China
has these advantages because their businesses are so their corporations are so
intertwined with the government that we might do the same thing here.
I mean, it's just,
it's a weird sort of slippery slope as sort of as laws
and all your different rights get eroded.
You get closer and closer to the government being in control.
Things like these new laws that they've passed recently,
where the government can just look into your internet,
searching with no warrant whatsoever.
This was something that I don't know if you know about this part of the Patriot
act that, um, this was one of the things that was,
people were furious at Senator Sanders because Bernie Sanders didn't,
he wasn't there. He didn't show up for the vote.
And if he had shown up and voted the other way, it wouldn't have passed.
Why would he show up? He won't comment. Oh, wow. He won't,
he's been reached out for, uh, to comment on it. He won't comment on it,
but it's very disheartening.
And a lot of people who are progressives are furious at them and they feel very,
very betrayed by this because now no one even knows like, well, you didn't know.
Right? Most people don't even know. Well,
the government can now look at all your dirty little searches.
Care about that though. Like I, but.
It's a slippery slope, right? Is that the fear?
Well, here's the fear. The government is just.
People, you know, I don't want any, I don't,
I don't think like I should be able to just go look in a Jamie search.
Like just for whatever reason I know Jamie's at home. What if I have some code?
I can go, just look what it was. Jamie looking at. What is,
what are you searching for? That's.
That's creepy, right? It's creepy.
Like privacy is privacy. It's important. You should be,
should be able to reveal what you want to reveal. And if the government,
which is just a bunch of people can peer into your life,
but you can't peer into their life. It sets up abuse. It's the same.
It's the same, like it's power. It's the same thing you see with cops, right?
All this that you see with cops, for sure racism is involved,
but you know what else is involved? Power. When you see that,
that old man get thrown to the ground. The one that Trump said is faking it.
That bashed his head. Yeah. Bleeding out of his head.
And Trump's like very good actor, by the way. I mean, that's what Trump said.
He said that it seemed to have fallen too easily, but yeah, he's dead.
He's an old man. God, the fact that he said that, that it's, this might,
he might be in TFA. Like.
All of these conspiracy theories out there as an actor.
I must say if any of these people are conspiracy guys,
they're they they're Daniel Day Lewis. Like.
They are great actors.
Like, you know, like certain times I even send like dumb YouTube videos of, uh,
there's a funny YouTube video of, um, uh, uh, somebody,
his girlfriend leading his two K NBA account and he just destroyed.
You can tell it took every thing for him. Like not to like hit her or like,
whatever. Right. He just, he was just destroyed. He was crying.
And some of my buddies like, oh man, I don't know, man. That's fake dude.
I was like, yo, that guy, that guy is a, uh, Emmy award,
Oscar winning actor. That is fake. Cause that is not easy. Easy to do. No.
People think everything is fake. You think so many things are fixed.
So many people have sent me things. So you think this is fake? And I'm like,
oh Jesus Christ.
Yeah. Yeah. Some things are fake. Yeah. That.
Old man falling the way he did and bouncing his head off the concrete in the
middle of a huge protest. Yeah. That was real dude. Yeah. That's real.
That's what happens when you push an old man?
That's to say the fact that this is the president of United States,
say that like, Hey bro, you would fall that way too.
He's a Meisner trained actor. And he has a blood pack in the back of his head.
Like how can that pro-wrestling.
Oh yeah.
He fell onto a mat that was placed cut himself with razors.
For years. So that wound bleeds easy. I don't.
You can hear the guy's head bounce off the ground. Oh.
Yeah. Yeah. It's a thunk.
There's a S a hollow coconut like thunk when someone's head bounces off
concrete. Yeah. It's terrible.
But the fact that the president of United States didn't just think that,
but he thought it would be a good idea to tweet that like he's falling apart,
all this protest he's falling apart.
And also the fact that they denied that they use tear gas to clear out that
square so that he can go to the church. Like, Hey man, there's video,
there's video of tear gas, you know? Oh, you want to call it's pepper, gas.
Okay. You know what? That pepper gas they're using.
You're not allowed to use that.
Yeah. You know that. Oh really? Yeah. Allowed.
To use that in war.
You can't use tear gas and it violates the Geneva convention.
It's like a bile bile, Google that makes sure I'm.
Right about that. But I'm pretty sure I'm right.
I'm pretty sure the argument that they're making is you can't use tear gas and
war, but you should be able to use it in protests.
And these cops are shooting rubber bullets and you know,
people are losing their eyes. Here. It is.
The military is banned from using tear gas on the battlefield,
but police can use it on crowds at home. Here's why, and this is on CNN.
Just think about that. The military is banned from using this,
but you're using it on civilians that just want to protest the
tortured death of a guy who was being detained by a cop who had a
14 year history of being a piece of and dozens of,
I mean,
he had more than a dozen complaints of abusive behavior and they're going to use
tear gas in these people and just shoot rubber bullets, randomly folks.
I, I don't know what it takes.
What is the lowest common denominator like he has to murder someone like in
front of you and people would still be like trouble. Yeah, yeah. Or whatever.
Cause I think he's, he's, he's on the way out. I think it's, uh, it's,
it's slowly but surely stuff like this. He can't help himself.
And under pressure when there's,
when people are angry at him because of all this.
And I think one of the it's kinda crazy,
but one of the big things that started at off where he really lost his composure
was all that that he said about Lysol.
Like maybe you could get disinfectant and put it in the body at cleansing. Oh.
When he started doing that. And then the next day they were asking him about,
he goes, I was being sarcastic to see how you reporters would call on it. Like,
no.
You weren't, you were rambling. You were rent.
Like, I I've done that before. I've caught rambling, but I would say the,
am I talking about, I don't know how you use the Lysol on a person.
Why am I saying.
This? He's pitching, he's pitching as if like you're in the writer's room.
And he's like, yeah, have you tried this idea?
What about you pair this character with that character,
but you don't do that as the president in public about health.
Issues. See you look at this CDC.
Some Americans are gargling with bleach or putting it on food to fight COVID-19
isn't that real really?
I read, they did like a survey of a couple thousand people.
And somewhere in the range of like 4% of people admitted to gargling or
brand or washing stuff with bleach, this is Darwinism.
If you're over 18, go do it.
Way. Don't say that, Joe, if.
You're younger and you're young and you don't know any better and you just,
you're not uneducated, but at a certain age,
like you should know not to gargle with bleach, right.
Tide pod challenge all over again. It's tide pod challenge, but it'll kill you.